1.Tell me something about yourself
"Good morning/afternoon/evening" sir/mam.

My name is Yash Singh
 
I'm From Nagpur
 
As far as my education qualification is concerned, I have recently completed my ADVANCED PGP IN DATA SCIENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING from NIIT
 
Earlier I have completed my graduation in B.E. Civil Engineering in 2020

I'm well equipped with software like Excel,Mysql,programming language like Python and Visualization Software such as Tableau.

Also I am quick learner,team player,can adapt fastly to any situation and having good time management skills.

Talking about projects i have done 3 mini projects and 2 real world projects.

My hobbies is to cricket and watch  cricket,listening songs and book reading.
 
2.What are your skills (core/technical skills; soft skills & behavioral skills) ?
I have good knowledge in EXCEL, MySQL , Pyhton(Data Science), Tableau, Machine Learning Alogrithms , NLP.
 
I believe in team work and also a quick leaner know to adjust in given circumstances easily.
 
3 Why should we hire you?
I have a good knowledge of Python’s numpy , pandas,machine learning alogrithms such as sklearn libraries. As my a quick learner, ready to handle any situation without any complains. And I have good track record of completing my assign task at time.
 
4.Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
I believe that after working for 5 years I will be at better position what I’m right now.
 
5.What is your biggest achievement?
My biggest achievement right now is I know to manage my time very well because many people fail to do that. Another one is that I have completed my previous projects and task on time.
 
6.Why do you want to switch your career/domain?
As there are huge number of opportunities are opening in Data science field.I have a keen interest in analytics field. I believe that till my never give up attitude and my skills fits well in this domain.
 
7.Explain your project
Recently I have completed my three mini projects on Machine Learning and two project on time series analysis. In Machine Learning model we have o choose best models based on supervised or unsupervised learning. There we have to find the target variable and feature columns and based on given business requirement I have optimised my model for future predictions.
