1)Tell me about yourself?
"Good morning/afternoon/evening" sir/mam.

My name is Yash Singh
 
I'm From Nagpur and willing to relocate to any city.
 
I have recently completed my ADVANCED PGP IN DATA SCIENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING from NIIT in which I explored data visualization techniques through python,tableau,powerbi,sentiment analysis,tsa and got an opportunity to work on MySQL.

I have a 3 months Internship experience a Bugendaitech Pvt Ltd. as a Data Science Intern.During which I worked on 

Earlier I have completed my graduation in B.E. in 2020.

Also I am quick learner,team player,can adapt fastly to any situation and having good time management skills.

Talking about projects i have done various real world projects.Such as Amazon Sentimental Analysis Project, House Grading Project and Mall Customer Segmentation Project.

My interest is in cricket,listening songs and reading books like Inner Enggineering, Pyschology of Money.

2)Mention 4 strengths of yours.
• I have strong analytical skills as  i can analyze complex datasets and can derive  
  actionable insights from it.
• Having Programming proficiency as I'm skilled in Python and MySQL for efficient data 
  manipulation and model building.
• Having strong communication skills helps me conveying technical concepts to non-technical 
  stakeholders
• Having Problem-Solving abilities help in tackling challenging problems with innovative 
  solutions.

3) Mention 2 of your weakness.
• I trust people easily 
• Sometimes I doubt myself but I'm working on it.By reading self help books and motivating myself.

4)Why do you want to join our company?
I'm looking for a platform in Data Science and esteemed company is provinding that platform. I'm eager to contribute my expertise to advance your goals in data science.

5)Why should I hire you?
I bring the exposure of working on real-life projects like Web Summarisation Tool.I also have strong technical skills and commitment to excellence in data science. I bring expertise in statistical analysis, machine learning, and programming languages like Python and MySQL, along with effective communication and a passion for continuous learning.

6)Where do you see yourself after 25 years?
In 25 years, I see myself leading groundbreaking research and innovation in data science, mentoring others, and driving positive change in academia, industry, or as a leader in a data-driven organization.